British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 4: Problems, Advice and Decisions.
Lesson 6: Problems, Advice and Decisions: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a writing task about media.
Today you will practise language connected to media.
Target language: passive voice basics.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for problems, advice and decisions. You will learn useful language connected to media and practise passive voice basics. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.